We're going to start working on our ticket service again very shortly.
But before we do, just a quick reminder.
If we go back over to our terminal right now and do a little get pods, we will see that we've got our
Nats deployment or the Nats pod running right there.
And we've been running a lot of test code and we've been emitting a ton of events over to that Nats
deployment that probably have a lot of trash data inside them.
So we had a ton of events like for me, I think I had at least 90 all concerned with that ticket update
event or the ticket create event, whichever it was.
And chances are we might have been emitting some data that wasn't really valid.
I know for certain we had an ID inside that ticket create event of like 1 to 3 and that is definitely
not a valid ticket ID.
So it might make a lot of sense for us to restart this Nats pod right here, which will cause all the
events that we have already emitted to be dumped.
Remember that Nats by default stores all these events in memory.
So if we just restart the thing, all the events we've emitted so far get completely dumped and we won't
have to worry about consuming those kind of non valid events.
Once we start to handle incoming ticket created events for once we create a real publisher inside of
one of our services.
Long story short, let's just restart that thing so I can find a listing.
I'm going to copy the name and I'll do a little.
Delete pod and then put in the name.
That's going to delete the pod.
The deployment is going to automatically detect that the pod has been deleted and start up a new version.
So if I do another get pods.
There we go.
There's a brand new pod.
So because we restart the pod nets was clearly restarted.
We don't have any of the events that we have previously had emitted.
And so if we start to connect with some new service or something like that, we're not going to get
a bunch of trash data along that subject or that channel of ticket colon created.
Now, of course, moving forward in the course, at any point in time, if you are feeling like your
Nats deployment has a ton of trash data inside of it, you just will repeat these same steps.
You'll do a delete pod, then just verify that a new one was created by the deployment.
So that's good.
Another quick pause.
Work on tickets in just a moment.